doc: Migration guide for `mongodbatlas_project.teams` attribute to the `mongodbatlas_team_project_assignment` resource (#3612)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/migrate_team_project_assignment/README.md

# Migration Example: Team Project Attribute to Team Project Assignment

This example demonstrates how to migrate from the deprecated `mongodbatlas_project.teams` attribute to the new `mongodbatlas_team_project_assignment` resource.

## Migration Phases

### v1: Initial State (Deprecated Resource)
Shows the original configuration using deprecated `mongodbatlas_project.teams` attribute for team assignments.

### v2: Final State (New Resource Only)

> Clean final configuration using only `mongodbatlas_team_project_assignment`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the configuration to use `mongodbatlas_team_project_assignment` & migrate away from deprecated `mongodbatlas_project.teams`.
```

Reviewer: since the config will still continue to use `mongodbatlas_project.teams` (with ignore hook), we can update this

> Update the configuration to use `mongodbatlas_team_project_assignment` & migrate away from deprecated `mongodbatlas_project.teams`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Update the configuration to use `mongodbatlas_team_project_assignment` and migrate away from deprecated `mongodbatlas_project.teams`.
```

## Usage

1. Start with v1 to understand the original setup with team assignments
2. Apply v2 configuration to import existing assignments with new resource and no longer use deprecated attribute teams

## Prerequisites

- MongoDB Atlas Terraform Provider 2.0.0 or later
- Valid MongoDB Atlas and Team IDs

## Variables

Set these variables for all versions:

```terraform

> public_key   = "your-mongodb-atlas-public-key"   # Optional, can use env vars

Reviewer 3: follow format like in other examples and docs, e.g.:

public_key   = <ATLAS_PUBLIC_KEY>   # Optional, can use env vars

same for other Terraform or environment variables

Reviewer 4: changed in [fb01d81](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/3612/commits/fb01d81f9272e46db168a55d28baab40878a14f4)

Reviewer 3: @oarbusi thanks, although you missed:
```
export MONGODB_ATLAS_PUBLIC_KEY="your-public-key"
export MONGODB_ATLAS_PRIVATE_KEY="your-private-key"
```
